slang on it so you expect me to show us
this I do expect you to do all the
rowing and why is that coming here was
your idea my idea I made it very clear
that I don't believe in the exercise
no imagine that's wonderful exercise
boom what the entire thought experiment
excuse me
how much longer one goes into an
experiment knowing one before one does
not undertake an experiment knowing one
has failed can we get back to the rowing
I suggest you do it but I'm never going
to get there no I mean I greatly
appreciate it if you would assist
perhaps you should ask him imagine he is
a greater interest in getting there than
I do I suppose he does there's no point
in asking why not because he doesn't
grow grow no he doesn't throw a huge
mean
we've arrived
think he will eventually
shall we tell him when we'll be
returning without changing we might give
him some comfort least that's something
we can agree on
hey somebody meeting me here it does
seem like a dreadful place to be
stranded well maybe there's someone
inside
shall we tell him when we'll be
returning we got changing might give him
some comfort is that something we can
agree on
hey somebody meeting me here I'd
certainly hope so
it does seem like a dreadful place
there's someone inside
hello
excuse me where am i far as close as
we'll see till Judgment Day
excuse me
where am I we'll see till judgement
rescue such questions to myself as I
want to be made